# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
The dataset contains information on potential target customers collected from market research done for a bank.  The predicted result wil be done on the deposit column, whether a customer would make a deposit or not.

The best performing model was found to be the AutoML model with a the best performing pipeline being a VotingEnsemble and an accuracy of 91.77%, the accuracy of the logistic regression model implemented using Hyperdrive was slightly lower with an accuracy of 90.89%.

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.

I accessed the data from the following URL: https://automlsamplenotebookdata.blob.core.windows.net/automl-sample-notebook-data/bankmarketing_train.csv using the TabularDatasetFactory which creates a tabular dataset.

The data imported is then cleaned using a clean_data function.

The cleaned data is then split into a training and test set with a 80:20 split ratio.

A Scikit-learn logistic regression model is used.  A parameter sampler is set up.  Two hyperparameters are tuned (C and max_iter).  C is called a inverse regularisation parameter and max_iter is the number of iterations.

A SKLearn estimator and parameter sampler is created to configure the HyperDrive.

The experiments are submitted and the accuracy is created for all of the runs and the best model is saved.

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

